#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(It's 1:38 pm! Just some hours passed after the end of the first day MV shooting!)
JinSoul: It's the second day of MV shooting!
JinSoul: Oh,we meet again! Even we met some hours ago!
(HaSeul is Here!)
HaSeul: Long time no see~
HaSeul: I really want to go with them but...
HaSeul: Unfortantely I have to leave now...
(So HaSeul decided just to cheer them up and go her own way~)
HaSeul: MV shooting! I hope you do your best!
HaSeul: And see you guys tomorrow early morning!
(Fighting HaSeul, fighting OEC!)
HaSeul: OEC! Fighting!
(Teleport to the set!)
JinSoul: Well~ We got our makeup done and outfits on!
JinSoul: Today we all wore all black outfits.
JinSoul: How is it?
JinSoul: It looks little tough, right?
Kim Lip: Does it look like a woman?
Choerry: Woman?
(Classy but tough all black woman look!)
Kim Lip: I mean a classy woman!
#NowDancing "LOONA / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
JinSoul: how long do we have to do it?
Kim Lip: Up to here!
Choerry: Okay, we'll stop here~
JinSoul: You can see the full choreography a little later!
JinSoul: See you~
Choerry: See you~